friends here.
Our concept,
please.
How to transfer a file from local server to remote server on Dwight's Forsa using para my
Cough python Simply you're having one local server and you're having one remote server.
Just assume there.
Now,
suppose some file is there on your local server.
I need to transfer this file to your remote,
sir.
What are some file?
Is there on your remorse,
sir?
Where?
I don't know that file to your local server And these all actions I want to perform with
the help of Para Micro off your python are simply pattern Michael model.
All right,
let me explain this with simply a simple Corp.
So friends salary.
We know how your parent,
my commodity,
is going toe work from our previous video.
You are part of my commodity is going toe work by creating It's a city plane,
I Anyway,
you're using Father Michael.
That's why first ofall unity,
important model.
Then you need to create a society Klein,
right?
So you know how to create as a static line?
There is a simple is intact for that.
Then after that,
you need to add auto our policy.
This is just to avoid Ah,
uh,
like asking yes or no confirmation.
While connecting with your remorse over the very first time are simply it is going toe.
Add to your known coast on your local server.
That's fine.
There are for their Let me try to connect with the or Third World.
So you know how to connect with your server.
So simply using this Ssh!
We clear a connection with your remote server on what are the connection we establish that
will be pointed with help off message object are as such a client.
That's it.
No,
I suppose.
Yes,
Actually,
I forgot.
Toe,
give this point in your previous Rio,
that is once.
If your if your work is done with the help off your ascetic line finally can also close
your ssh client connection.
You know,
if you don't close by default,
it will be closed off for some time.
But it is better practice to close us.
A city client,
once you were work is done with your ssh decline.
That's fine.
So using this as a static line,
you can exclude some comments.
But here our requirement is when he could transfer the file to your remote server.
Are we condoning the file from your remote server?
So for that you need to create from this city.
Klein one sftp object on sftp connection.
So for that,
we have a simple sandbags.
See that?
Let me open my court.
So,
guys here,
I'm going to write simply sftp client object are simply connection with help off sftp such
klein dot Open a 70 be.
That's it.
No.
With help off this 50 line,
we are opening sftp connection with your remote server.
Now,
using this sftp client object or connection,
we can transfer the file our work and don't really file from your remote server.
Now,
see that I'm listing the operations which are there with your sftp Klein.
So you are having different types off operations.
Suppose if you want to change the way ownership off your file on your remote server,
then you can use sftp underscore client adore change one of sleep,
right?
Like ways we hold.
Ah,
suppose kind working.
Undoubtedly right now.
See that.
Let me go on show you that.
And one more thing here also once If your work is done with your sftp client,
you can also close this sftp connection or session.
So be clear before sftp Klein don't close s message because you are a safety piece
depending on where it's a such a client.
Object or connection,
right?
See,
now what I'm doing is first let me weapon my remote server.
This is my remote's our work here.
How?
Some files.
Let's say I'm having a file called Para mako.
Don't know dot Txt In this we have some content and it could download this file on.
My locals are with help off fight on Marimekko,
then simplest in taxes.
See that sftp Klein don't get you are remorse server file with complete part.
Actually,
that is a good practice.
No,
let me take complete part home,
easy to user then this file name,
right?
See that home went right source Is it to user slash your files,
then on the local host.
So forget you have a source file under destination.
Get means don't morning file from remote server?
No.
Suppose I'm gladly giving,
but on my cool don't lord it file dot Txt.
See,
I'm not giving complete part.
Just I'm giving the file name in which you want to store this remote file content.
So whenever you feel on your bike landscape in which location despite landscape,
is there there it is going to don't lord enough that if you want to store in any required
part,
then you have to provide complete part on your Windows server anyway,
as off.
No,
I'm running this court from my Windows server.
Right.
See,
in our case,
local server,
remote server.
I knew our remote salaries Line X and locals are I'm taking as windows.
Any combination will work,
right?
No.
See that.
Let me save it Underneath it's done.
Let me go toe open my location where we have this server.
I mean this script,
but I'm mike O'Donnell file dot txt para Michael.
Don't load it.
Filed Arctic Sea.
So there's the file.
Just No,
we don't want it.
Right.
So,
guys,
this is the way how we condone Lord right now.
One more thing.
I want to download this file,
but ah,
we thought mentioned this pop sometimes,
you know,
to move into a different location over sftp,
then very hard on with the file without mentioning the path.
Yes,
we can do it that also very simple.
See there before going to.
Don't lore ever filed what we had to do?
These we need to move our sftp connection are we need to change the location off your sftp
client Object on your remotes.
That word by using changed territory operation.
So now I'm going to suppose.
Read Ah,
group.
It is C location,
eloquent deck,
simply home.
Easy to user.
Right now,
Let me simply print current location point paid by your sftp Klein.
So simply you can get current working data to be with this Impax.
See,
that would put Now you're a separate piece pointing to this location.
So in this location,
whatever the file you are having that file we thought mentioned complete part you condone,
Lord.
Because already or sftp client object is pointing to this spot.
That's why No,
I'm going to don't lord a 70 p klein dot Get Let me take some other file here.
So let's I am having the moderate txt file from easy to file.
I want Don't know that currently on remotes are where I have a file called Damodar.
Txt That file,
I wonder Download It didn't do Let's say best stop location.
It made a complete but Yeah.
I want to download in tow this stop location.
Let's say don't know that file dot txt with this file name and be clear.
We are working with windows.
I'm in local server.
Were downloading our file toe this window.
Said what?
That's why even ever If you're mentioning your part,
it is always good to mention two slashes in your part.
But what if you're providing your part manually?
Now,
let me save it on running.
Yes,
it has been done.
Let me go to my desktop location and see there any final call Don't lurid.
Fine.
Yeah,
See that?
That's it.
So the the way how we can mention complete part on your local server are how do mention
complete part on your remotes or what we thought mentioned your complete path?
If you want to,
don't really file first a change or sftp client winding path on your remote server by using
change that three.
That's it.
Right?
So there's these away how you weaken don't lure.
Now I want to transfer the file from local server two remotes at work.
It's very simple.
No,
let me come in.
All these things suppose in the current location.
I have some file.
Let me transfer our pipe landscape itself.
Sftp claimed dot Put on your remote server into this location.
Study sources.
Our locals are all right.
So let's say some Any script name called.
Yeah,
I will take this by transcript.
Only France for files not be white.
So on the current location,
we have this file.
So this I want to move.
I mean,
I want to transfer to your remote server into this location.
Let's say transfer files dot be white.
Let me run.
You can see that desert Done.
Go to a remote server.
Just list out.
See that we got you filed toe this server not to.
So,
guys,
is the simple way to transfer your files from local server to remote server are hard.
Oh,
don't worry.
File from remorse.
Over to locals are where so the very,
very important point here.
East.
But what if you're transporting you?
Sorry.
Whenever?
If your don't during your fight,
then remorse over filed part is the source on this nation is on low.
Locals there were many.
But if you're transferring,
then local server file is the source on remorse.
Our parties that destination.
And one more thing on your remorse there were.
If you don't want to mention complete part for your file than before going to download a
file from your remotes are were trying toe point todos ftp client location to your required
path.
Then from there you can don't know you're required fight.
So simply by using changed at every operation,
I Okay,
thank you for watching this video.